Samantha Chandrasena

world travelling fun and adventurous young cousin who taught me how to 
tell the difference between goats and lambs that were blocking our path 
while visiting her in Neves; I've known Sam since a few weeks after 
she was born - may have even changed a diaper or two ;-); lives in Chatham now

Ele Pawelski 

my well travelled and good friend from law school who has lived in most of the top 10 
war torn countries in the world ... so 21 years ??!!  That can't be right?!!!; 
knows value of a good sarcastic wit and main supporter of my 
internet dating efforts ;-). ; lives downtown Toronto


Suma Edward

married to my brother for the last 14yrs; sweet, witty and incredibly 
patient mom to my 7yr old flower girl/god daughter/niece, Anika; encouraged 
my internet dating efforts by threatening to go online as me;  lives in Ottawa


Kelly Gallan (Jody's sister)

incredibly smart, fun,  friendly and outgoing sister of the groom who has been 
so warm and welcoming to me;  *and* the fact that she works in the travel
industry means the couple will hopefully get some awesome discounts
on their future vacations.

also mom to 5yr old flower girl/niece, 
Courtney; lives in Montreal







Kathryn Dickson

I am Rebecca's incredibly organised and detail oriented good friend and former neighbour. Nothing slips past my eye or my mind. We met in 2003 as part of our condo's security committee. 
In 2006, we travelled to Africa together for 28 days and survived!! Despite giving birth in March to my second child, I have been gently and persistently trying to get Rebecca and Jody to get stuff organised!! 
Small pieces of trivia:
- I helped Sanjeeve throw Rebecca's surprise 35th birthday party in the Electra Party Room
- Rebecca was a bridesmaid in my wedding party
- Rebecca has thrown me two baby showers and my bridal shower/bachlorette combo party. 
She is frigging awesome! 
I am a fruit juice berry addict, live in downtown Toronto (a couple blocks for on Rebecca) and I make the TV shows you like to watch. 




Adriano Pagana (best man, middle of Jody's photo)

 I've know him for 35 years; a truly friend that I can call my 
 brother and former neighbor where I grew up in Mtl; a die hard 
 sports fan which we both share our passion for; we have shared 
 some lows and a lot of terrific highs in our life's adventures. 


Sanjeeve Edward (brother of bride)

A fun, friendly and outgoing brother of the Bride who has been so 
warm and welcoming me into his family's life. Into all types of 
sports and surely can be converted into a diehard Montreal Canadiens 
fan with a few road trips to the Bell Center with us all; has a terrific 
7 year old daughter Anika and a wonderful wife Suma who both will be 
part of the wedding as aflower girl & a bridesmaids 

Jackie Hagipetros

 I've know him going onto 40 years; a truly great friend that 
 I also can call my brother and a former neighbor of where I grew up. 
 Our Family's are extremely close with our participation in a great 
 organization called <a href="http://www.peyo.org/">P.E.Y.O.</a>;  
 we grew up playing hockey together 
 and our passion for sports.  
 
Terry Assels (no fb)

 A great cousin and single father on my dad's side of the family. 
 He became like a second father to me after heopened his home to me 
 for over 7 years when I first moved up to 
 Toronto and helped me get onto my feet.  
 
Mohan Chitram (no fb)

 I've know him for over 10 years, a great coworker, very friend; 
 a huge sports fan and one day we hope to win big on our Pro Line wagerings.
 Friendly and family-oriented.  I have a lot of stories about him,
 but you will have to buy us lots of drinks in order to share with the
 rest of the class.
 
 
 
Venues:

Church: https://www.google.com/maps/place/St.+Martin-in-the-Fields+Anglican+Church/@43.658112,-79.460534,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x405752e282f2a8cf:0x5db4ef7b577e4830
Reception: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Atlantis/@43.628323,-79.418145,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x882b350e941271a9:0xabab9472ed9e3a0e


Where to stay: 
